my name is laszlo not i'm a member of
the hungarian team and the player for
barcelona i have had two dreams ever
since i was a child one was to become a
handball player the other was to become
a member of the hungarian team and to be
able to play in front of a Hungarian
audience in a world championship
organized by hunger
is everything to me that's why I have
always watched with amazement how my
small country he was able to organize
such fantastic sports
of course I was there and the world
canoe kayak championship which had a
wonderful atmosphere
a couple of years later reorganize the
European water polo championship the
call the roofer were almost in ecstasy
it might not be a coincidence that for
almost 25 years now we have been hosting
the best pilots and the audience of the
formula 1 race
we have also shown the world that we are
capable of when it comes to sports like
athletics
or sleep
but it's not only buda-pesht that
guarantees great organizing the word
sportsmen and sportswomen frequently
visit other cities too
we haven't talked much about handball
however we have been the host of quite a
few successful handball events recently
meanwhile I grew up and became a
handball player so one dream has already
come true
see you in Hungary in 2011
you